Hi, my name is Ned and I am going to be taking you through The Complete Investment Banking Course.
I have gained my experience while working on multiple transactions with firms like Goldman Sachs
and HSBC. I enjoy teaching and would love to share my expertise with you.
This course is the perfect one stop shop for those of you who would like to
pursue a career in the world of Investment Banking.
You will acquire practical skills that will turn you into a highly skillful talent, which will be invaluable
for job interviews and throughout your career.
Get excited, as you’ve come to the right place and at the right time!
So, let me walk you through the content of this course.
First, we’ll learn about the history of investment banking. This part of the course is fundamental
for anyone who wants to understand the industry fully.
We will talk about the conception of investment banking services, about the type of securities first offered to clients,
and about the differences between commercial and investment banks.
Then, we will start learning about the four main areas of investment banking. We will provide a detailed
description of the services offered by the Capital Markets, Advisory, Trading, and Asset Management divisions.
This part of the course would allow you to understand how the investment banking business functions nowadays.
You will learn about the mechanics of Initial Public Offerings, Seasoned Equity Offerings, Private Placements,
Bond Issuances, Loan Syndications, Securitizations, Mergers and Acquisitions, Restructurings, Trading Instruments,
and Asset Management vehicles. This is the complete theoretical framework you will need
to understand Investment Banking services properly
Next, we will introduce you to company valuation.
You will learn how to value a company, what drives a firm’s value, how to calculate its cost of capital
and how to forecast future cash flows.
Then when you learn a bit about financial modeling and some best practices, you will be ready to start building valuation models.
We will teach you how to value a company by building a Discounted Cash Flow model from scratch,
which is one of the key topics that will come up in investment banking interviews.
And finally, we’ll look at Leveraged Buyouts. LBOs are another common topic in interviews
and that’s why we’ll learn how they function, who carries them out and how to build an LBO model in practice.
Many of the lessons contain downloadable resources you can find in the following way.
These files are lecture notes, exercise files, challenges and infographics.
Download them and you will can exercise what you’ve learned in practice.
If you have any questions or would like to say hi, do not hesitate to post in the course discussion board.
We love hearing from you!
Once you complete 50% and 100%, you will earn a gift of two of our other courses.
Please let us know when you’ve reached 50% or 100% by posting in the Course Discussion Board and we will send you a gift.
Sounds exciting? Dive straight in and let’s begin this journey together!